This directory (h2sl/data) contains all of the data for H2SL. This document explains the orgnaization by going through each subdirectory and the files/subdirectories therein.

examples:
  This directory contains different sets of annotated linguistic examples (corpora) that cover different scenarios and different symbol spaces.
  
  instructions.txt - this file is meant to provide a simple way to look at all of the language used across the corpora. It is broken down by subdirectory and is very similar to the output of the command 'grep -r "instruction" *'

  Basic - This is the set of examples originally used as the open-sourced sample data

  Manipulation - This subdirectory holds the examples for the manipulation domain (Baxter) and contains the examples used for the ADCG RSS2016 submission. It is composed of two subdirectories:
      no_action - this is the full set of all examples excluding those that contain a root verb phrase (or a root action symbol) 
      actions - this is the full set of all examples including those expressing grasping actions

  Navigation: This subdirectory holds the examples for the naviation domain (Husky). It is composed of three subdirectories:
      door - this is a set of examples tied to simple worlds containing doors. This data was all generated in-lab (not through crowd-sourced study).
      no_actions - this is the set of examples that do not express an action but do express a concept or set of concepts for a variety of different world scenarios.
      actions - this is the same as the no_actions set of examples but also includes examples that are actions.


feature_sets:
  This directory contains each of the xml files that define different sets of features to use during training of a given DCG model.

  

grammars:
  This directory contains each of the xml files the define the different grammars necessary for different corpora. Note that new grammars can easily be generated using the grammar_generator program found in h2sl/src/util/grammar_genetator.cc

  grammar.xml - general-purporse grammar file
  grammar_door.xml - grammar for the navigation/door set of examples


symbol_dictionaries:
  This directory contains all of the xml files defining different symbol dictionaries used during symbol space generation in a given DCG model.


worlds:
  This directory contains all of the xml files defining different worlds. The filename should correspond to image files of the world generated in simulation. These images can be found in the image subdirectory located in this directory (h2sl/data/worlds/images/)

  images - this subdirectory contains both the labeled and unlabeled versions of images that show a given world constructed in simulation. The naming convention is such that the name of an image should match the corresponding xml file located in h2sl/data/worlds. Here is the naming convention:

      world_xxxx_yyyy.png
        xxxx = the world number associated with this image. This is the number used to find the corresponding world xml file
        yyyy = different camera perspectives within the same world

  The worlds are grouped according to the domain they are a part of. This grouping can be seen below:

  0000 - 0020: These worlds are associated with the manipulation datasets. Each world has a baxter robot, a table, and some set of block objects

  0021 - 0045: These worlds are associated with the navigation datasets. Each world has a husky robot, 4 barrels (group), 4 chairs (column), and 5 cones (row).

  0046 - 0070: These worlds are associated with the navigation datasets. Each world has a husky robot, 4 barrels (row), 5 chairs (ring) and 4 cones (row)
